I didn't even know that your family was so stupid.
Let’s not talk about whether this image is true or false.
It's all mentioned in the plan.
This image is enough to invest together Yamanyi.
Enough Yamanyi.
It's impossible for him to give you such a big reward
Even if he really saves me, except
But the reward is too much
This matter should not be known to anyone
Come on, Xu Shao is from a rich family.
That’s why I have these eyes
The old house has been rebellious
I usually help my father
Ah Lin, it's five early
As expected, Ah Rong
learned some screens
Let’s not talk about this land first.
Straight or not
The Beicheng group invested so late in
Even if this project is real
If we, Su Jia, really devote ourselves to this Trinity,
It is unreasonable for the Beicheng District Group to lose follow-up funds.
Then this income
When will we meet again?